
CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE MINI PROJECT

GOALS

- to get comfortable with using if,elif,else statements.
- to experiement with more memory efficient versions of if statements ie. switch statements and 
different styles of ternaries within python
-to create a scaleable story that can easily be added too


STRETCH GOALS:
- to have npcs and relationship trackers with npcs that open new story lines.
- to have an inventory that users can access
- employ a heart system that allows for players to make a few mistakes before death
-----

Story line branches

MAIN = user traverses the sea in search of treasure island without perrishing and without
 the help of a crew. makes it to treasure island, avoids the locals and somehow deciphers 
 the map. they follow the map through the jungle without harm. they journey into the cave 
 system narrowly escaping the entrance collapsing, they find the treasure and make it 
 through the cavern maze to find a hidden cove where they find a small boat that will take 
 them back to their ship where they can load the treasure and sail the high seas with their 
 vast forturne

A CREW = user traverses the sea in search of treasure island without perrishing and with the 
help of a crew. makes it to treasure island, avoids the locals and the crew's cartographer 
deciphers the map. they follow the map through the jungle without harm. they journey into the 
cave system narrowly escaping the entrance collapsing, they find the treasure and make it 
through the cavern maze to find a hidden cove where they find a small boat that will take them 
back to their ship where they can load the treasure and sail back to the coastal town where 
they took on the crew to split the treause and part ways.

A VILLAGE = user traverses the sea in search of treasure island without perrishing and without 
the help of a crew. makes it to treasure island, befriends the locals and the local guide 
deciphers the map. they follow the map through the jungle without harm. they journey into the 
cave system narrowly escaping the entrance collapsing, they find the treasure and make it 
through the cavern maze to find a hidden cove where they find a small boat that will take them 
back to their ship where they can load their share of the treasure and sail the high seas with 
their vast forturne, leaving the friendly locals behind. Or they can choose to settle down in 
the town and stay with the friends they made there.

A CREW & A VILLAGE  = user traverses the sea in search of treasure island without perrishing and 
with the help of a crew. makes it to treasure island, befriends the locals and the local guide 
with the help of the crew's cartographer deciphers the map. they follow the map through the jungle 
without harm. they journey into the cave system narrowly escaping the entrance collapsing, they 
find the treasure and make it through the cavern maze to find a hidden cove where they find a 
small boat that will take them back to their ship where they can load their share of the treasure 
and sail the high seas with their vast forturne and their new crew, leaving the friendly locals 
behind. Or they can choose to settle down in the town and stay with the friends they made there.

CRITICAL FAILURE = at any point the user can make a desicion that will end in death and the end of the story

build out:

this game will consist of several different moving parts:
    - each scene will have its own "room", where the player will interact with the scene. a scene will be 
    informed by a players previous choices. 

    - new scenes will be called based on the parameters of their previous choices(for example a player will 
    have a different scene option if they choose to sail alone vs if they sail with a group of people.)

    ex "this is the description that sets the scene, it is written vaguely enough that it can apply to any 
    of the decisions youve made in the past... now it askes you to make a decision."
            1. this is the wrong decision
            2. this is the correct decision and flavor text informs you that this might be the correct decision 
            based on the previous decisions youve made.

    " when you make your decision you will be prompted with a description of the outcome of your decision, this 
    will be heavily flavored to immerse you into the story you have decided upon." 

